CURRI CULUM VI TAE 2026
Larry Corso
SOFTWARE ENGINEER
Chicago | lawrencecorso1@gmail.com | LinkedIn | GitHub | Portfolio
SUMMARY
Accomplished Software Engineer with over 10 years of experience in technology, brand strategy and software development. Expertise 
in building scalable digital products and managing complex cross-functional projects. Proven track record of delivering high-impact 
solutions for diverse clients.
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Node/Express JS, JS React, CSS, Tailwind CSS, HTML 5, MongoDB, Docker, Next JS, Github, Digital Ocean, Google Cloud, VS
Code, Chat GPT, Vercel, Anti-Gravity, Klaviyo {Built my own}, Figma, WordPress
WORK EXPERIENCE
Brand Strategist & Software Engineer 12/2024 – PRESENT
Jung International LLC | Website
Disrupted the marketing industry with revolutionary ﬁeld cards, a two way communication achieved through NFC cards to make
networking more personal again.
Developed a social media platform that removes the complications of setting up an account before posting, making the backend
open source on the front end.
Created slide cards which are a mobile only design that allows users to present disruptive technology combining the traditional
method of values, features, beneﬁts with modern tech.
Entrepreneur, Business Owner 03/2018 – 12/2025
Rumi Design and Technology | Website
Built a company, through prospecting and cold calling; then learned how to design, develop and host my own websites to give
the client a competitive advantage in their marketplace.
Accomplished successful delivery of 40+ client projects, across many industries.
Sourcing global resources, identiﬁed and secured global design and dev resources to assist in each of the projects.
Created an eﬀective process to streamline communication across design and development.
TECH PROJECTSiChat |  Source
A chat system for those love privacy and security
Create a chat link, share it with your friends, say whatever is on your mind, then end the chat.
Blur |  Source
Privacy is key for sophisticated clients, we pioneered a smart way to blur out sensitive information in our videos.
Upload the recorded video and blur out logos and sensitive information in a timeline. Each blur has it's own timeline to make this
software user friendly.
Watch Me |  Source
Screen record your projects to present them in a sophisticated manner.
You can capture your computer's desktop, mobile phone recording screen, and your face at the same time to present
applications.
Resume Maker |  Source
Built a resume builder to apply for jobs ;).
The builder runs through a checklist of essentials needed to qualify for a software engineer position.
You can edit the builder easily like a word doc, yet more simple and download the pdf to share.
Joy Machine |  Source
An intro, Outro, Lower Thirds and Subtitles video maker
Content is King, so I kept only the best parts in presenting ideas over video to make any video look professional.
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATES
Purdue University
Bachelor's Degree in Management & Marketing
04/2011 – 05/2014
TripleTen
Computer Software Engineering (Certiﬁcate)
01/2025 – 11/2025
Lean Six Sigma
Black Belt Lean Six Sigma (Certiﬁcate)
01/2014 – 05/2014
Indiana University
Entrepreneurship (Certiﬁcate)
01/2014 – 05/2014